# Measure And Generate Custom Axes

`setup_y_axes()`: Uses the currently active viewport to set up the y
axes. The primary axes is drawn on the left, the secondary axes on the
right side of the currently active viewport.

`setup_x_axes()`: Uses the currently active viewport to set up the x
axes. The height at which it is drawn is determined by the primary y
axes 0 point. If y0 is not on the y axes then the x axes will either be
drawn at the bottom, if only positive values are present, or at the top,
if only negative values are present.

`setup_xy_axes()`: Uses the currently active viewport to set up both the
x and y axes.

`setup_guiding_lines()`: Uses the currently active viewport to set up
the x and y axes guiding lines. Guiding lines are drawn at the tick
positions and reach from the axes to the opposite end of the diagram.

`swap_scaling()`: Width and height are measured according to the
individual scaling for each dimension. This function converts the
measured to the respective other dimension.

`even_prettier()`: Generates a sequence of pretty steps for equal length
ticks. The function calculates more granular results than the base
[`pretty()`](https://rdrr.io/r/base/pretty.html) function.

## Usage

``` r
setup_y_axes(diagram_info, arguments, secondary = FALSE)

setup_x_axes(diagram_info, arguments)

setup_xy_axes(diagram_info, arguments)

setup_guiding_lines(diagram_info, arguments)

swap_scaling(measuring, from = "width", to = "height")

even_prettier(min_value, max_value, number_of_steps)
```

## Arguments

- diagram_info:

  The list of measurements generated by
  [`get_diagram_dimensions()`](https://s3rdia.github.io/qol/reference/diagram.md).

- arguments:

  Argument list passed on by
  [`design_graphic()`](https://s3rdia.github.io/qol/reference/design_graphic.md).

- secondary:

  FALSE by default. If TRUE draws the primary axes on the left side,
  otherwise the secondary axes on the right side.

- measuring:

  The values received from
  [`get_text_width()`](https://s3rdia.github.io/qol/reference/textboxes.md)
  or
  [`get_text_height()`](https://s3rdia.github.io/qol/reference/textboxes.md).

- from:

  Input measuring.

- to:

  Output measuring.

- min_value:

  Minimum starting value.

- max_value:

  Maximum end value.

- number_of_steps:

  The number of equal length steps to be used to head from the minimum
  to the maximum value.

## Value

`setup_y_axes()`, `setup_x_axes()`, `setup_xy_axes()`: Returns a
grid::gTree object containing the full axes.

`swap_scaling()`: Returns a vector of width or heights.

`even_prettier()`: Returns a pretty sequence of equal length numeric
values.
